Rework metrics documentation (#15438)
DataDog/integrations-core: dcgm/README.md

DCGM_FI_DEV_ROW_REMAP_FAILURE                                     ,gauge                  ,Whether remapping of rows has failed

# DCP metrics
DCGM_FI_PROF_PCIE_TX_BYTES                                        ,counter                ,The number of bytes of active pcie tx data including both header and payload.
DCGM_FI_PROF_PCIE_RX_BYTES                                        ,counter                ,The number of bytes of active pcie rx data including both header and payload.

# Datadog additional recommended fields
DCGM_FI_DEV_COUNT                                                 ,counter                ,Number of Devices on the node.
DCGM_FI_DEV_FAN_SPEED                                             ,gauge                  ,Fan speed for the device in percent 0-100.

> DCGM_FI_PROF_PCIE_TX_BYTES                                        ,counter                ,Total number of bytes transmitted through PCIe TX (in KB) via NVML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Duplicate of line 92 which has the correct description of the metric : https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/dcgm/1.7/dcgm-api/group__dcgmFieldIdentifiers.html

> DCGM_FI_PROF_PCIE_RX_BYTES                                        ,counter                ,Total number of bytes received through PCIe RX (in KB) via NVML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Same as above, duplicate of line 93

DCGM_FI_DEV_SERIAL                                                ,label                  ,
```

> In certain set ups `DCGM_FI_DEV_GPU_UTIL` metric can cause heavier resource consumption. In that case disable this metric and replace it with the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In some cases, the `DCGM_FI_DEV_GPU_UTIL` metric can cause heavier resource consumption. If you're experiencing this issue, disable `DCGM_FI_DEV_GPU_UTIL` and replace it with the following configuration:
```

DCGM_FI_DEV_SERIAL                                                ,label                  ,
```

> It is recommended that users configure collection of extra metrics 1000 to 1010 for GPU utilization (1001) and other information (1002 to 1010) if the default set of metrics is causing heavier resource consumption in certain set-ups.

Reviewer 3: Hmm I might be lacking some insight, but reading this, I'm not really sure I understand what to do here. Are the metrics we're referring to 1001 - 1010 referring to things that is mentioned in the table above? 

Are we telling customers that incase of too much load, we disable every metric except 1001 - 1010?

Author: Ah, you know, I should probably use the metric names. In case of too much load we should actually only disable one metric.

**Note:** The `dcgm-exporter` is a thin wrapper around lower-level libraries and drivers which do the actual reporting.

### Increased Resource Consumption

In some cases, the `DCGM_FI_DEV_GPU_UTIL` metric can cause heavier resource consumption. If you're experiencing this issue:

> 1. disable `DCGM_FI_DEV_GPU_UTIL` in `default-counters.csv`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
1. Disable `DCGM_FI_DEV_GPU_UTIL` in `default-counters.csv`.
```

> 2. add the following to `default-counters.csv`:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
2. Add the following to `default-counters.csv`:
```

> ```
> DCGM_FI_PROF_GR_ENGINE_ACTIVE                                   ,gauge                  ,Ratio of time the graphics engine is active (in %).
> DCGM_FI_PROF_SM_ACTIVE                                          ,gauge                  ,The ratio of cycles an SM has at least 1 warp assigned (in %).
> DCGM_FI_PROF_SM_OCCUPANCY                                       ,gauge                  ,The ratio of number of warps resident on an SM (in %).
> DCGM_FI_PROF_PIPE_TENSOR_ACTIVE                                 ,gauge                  ,Ratio of cycles the tensor (HMMA) pipe is active (in %).
> DCGM_FI_PROF_DRAM_ACTIVE                                        ,gauge                  ,Ratio of cycles the device memory interface is active sending or receiving data (in %).
> DCGM_FI_PROF_PIPE_FP64_ACTIVE                                   ,gauge                  ,Ratio of cycles the fp64 pipes are active (in %).
> DCGM_FI_PROF_PIPE_FP32_ACTIVE                                   ,gauge                  ,Ratio of cycles the fp32 pipes are active (in %).
> DCGM_FI_PROF_PIPE_FP16_ACTIVE                                   ,gauge                  ,Ratio of cycles the fp16 pipes are active (in %).
> ```

Reviewer 4: ````suggestion
   ```
   DCGM_FI_PROF_GR_ENGINE_ACTIVE                                   ,gauge                  ,Ratio of time the graphics engine is active (in %).
   DCGM_FI_PROF_SM_ACTIVE                                          ,gauge                  ,The ratio of cycles an SM has at least 1 warp assigned (in %).
   DCGM_FI_PROF_SM_OCCUPANCY                                       ,gauge                  ,The ratio of number of warps resident on an SM (in %).
   DCGM_FI_PROF_PIPE_TENSOR_ACTIVE                                 ,gauge                  ,Ratio of cycles the tensor (HMMA) pipe is active (in %).
   DCGM_FI_PROF_DRAM_ACTIVE                                        ,gauge                  ,Ratio of cycles the device memory interface is active sending or receiving data (in %).
   DCGM_FI_PROF_PIPE_FP64_ACTIVE                                   ,gauge                  ,Ratio of cycles the fp64 pipes are active (in %).
   DCGM_FI_PROF_PIPE_FP32_ACTIVE                                   ,gauge                  ,Ratio of cycles the fp32 pipes are active (in %).
   DCGM_FI_PROF_PIPE_FP16_ACTIVE                                   ,gauge                  ,Ratio of cycles the fp16 pipes are active (in %).
   ```
````
Just indenting this code block to align with the step.

3. Add the following to `dcgm/conf.yaml` inside your instance:

> ```
> extra_metrics:
>   DCGM_FI_PROF_GR_ENGINE_ACTIVE: dcgm.gr_engine_active
>   DCGM_FI_PROF_SM_ACTIVE: dcgm.sm_active
>   DCGM_FI_PROF_SM_OCCUPANCY: dcgm.sm_occupancy
>   DCGM_FI_PROF_PIPE_TENSOR_ACTIVE: dcgm.pipe.tensor_active
>   DCGM_FI_PROF_DRAM_ACTIVE: dcgm.dram.active
>   DCGM_FI_PROF_PIPE_FP64_ACTIVE: dcgm.pipe.fp64_active
>   DCGM_FI_PROF_PIPE_FP32_ACTIVE: dcgm.pipe.fp32_active
>   DCGM_FI_PROF_PIPE_FP16_ACTIVE: dcgm.pipe.fp16_active
> ```

Reviewer 4: ````suggestion
   ```
   extra_metrics:
     DCGM_FI_PROF_GR_ENGINE_ACTIVE: dcgm.gr_engine_active
     DCGM_FI_PROF_SM_ACTIVE: dcgm.sm_active
     DCGM_FI_PROF_SM_OCCUPANCY: dcgm.sm_occupancy
     DCGM_FI_PROF_PIPE_TENSOR_ACTIVE: dcgm.pipe.tensor_active
     DCGM_FI_PROF_DRAM_ACTIVE: dcgm.dram.active
     DCGM_FI_PROF_PIPE_FP64_ACTIVE: dcgm.pipe.fp64_active
     DCGM_FI_PROF_PIPE_FP32_ACTIVE: dcgm.pipe.fp32_active
     DCGM_FI_PROF_PIPE_FP16_ACTIVE: dcgm.pipe.fp16_active
   ```
````

> 4. Restart both dcgm-exporter and the datadog agent.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
4. Restart both dcgm-exporter and the Datadog Agent.
```
